{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Privacy Policy\
\
We take your privacy seriously. To better protect your privacy we provide this privacy policy notice explaining the way your personal information is collected and used.\
\
\
## No Data Collection\
\
We the developer do not collect, store, or share any personal information or user data.  Our game does not use any third-party analytics tools, or online services that track or collect your information.\
\
##Unity Technologies\
\
This game was developed using the Unity game engine.  We have disabled Unity Analytics and all Unity services that could collect user data.  As a result, no data is collected by Unity or by us through this game.\
\
\
## No Internet Connection Required\
\
Our game is fully functional without an internet connection.  It does not communicate with any servers or services\
\
\
## Advertisement and Other Third Parties\
\
Advertising partners and other third parties may use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track user activities on this app in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies. This app has no access or control over these cookies, scripts and/or web beacons that may be used by third parties. \
\
## Changes To This Privacy Policy\
\
This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 13th, 2025 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.\
\
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. \
\
By using our game, you agree to this policy.  Thank you for playing Tile Pawzle!\
\
}